---
source: dify
owner: langgenius
repo: dify
path: .devcontainer/README.md
url: https://github.com/langgenius/dify/blob/main/.devcontainer/README.md
---
# Development with devcontainer

This project includes a devcontainer configuration that allows you to open the project in a container with a fully configured development environment.
Both frontend and backend environments are initialized when the container is started.

## GitHub Codespaces

you can simply click the button above to open this project in GitHub Codespaces.

For more info, check out the GitHub documentation.

## VS Code Dev Containers

if you have VS Code installed, you can click the button above to open this project in VS Code Dev Containers.

You can learn more in the Dev Containers documentation.

## Pros of Devcontainer

Unified Development Environment: By using devcontainers, you can ensure that all developers are developing in the same environment, reducing the occurrence of "it works on my machine" type of issues.

Quick Start: New developers can set up their development environment in a few simple steps, without spending a lot of time on environment configuration.

Isolation: Devcontainers isolate your project from your host operating system, reducing the chance of OS updates or other application installations impacting the development environment.

## Cons of Devcontainer

Learning Curve: For developers unfamiliar with Docker and VS Code, using devcontainers may be somewhat complex.

Performance Impact: While usually minimal, programs running inside a devcontainer may be slightly slower than those running directly on the host.

## Troubleshooting

if you see such error message when you open this project in codespaces:

a simple workaround is change `/signin` endpoint into another one, then login with GitHub account and close the tab, then change it back to `/signin` endpoint. Then all things will be fine.
The reason is `signin` endpoint is not allowed in codespaces, details can be found here
